Therefore, a distinction is often drawn between three types of brain graphs: morphological brain graph, functional brain graph and structural brain graph [7], [8], [11]: 
-  ==Morphological== brain graphs. Such graph were recently proposed in [7], [17], [54], [55]. This type of brain graphs involves cortical measures such as sulcal depth and cortical thickness to estimate the distance in morphology between brain regions. It is extracted from T1-weighted images which is first preprocessed using Freesurfer [56]. The preprocessing step mainly includes skull stripping, motion correction, T1-w intensity normalization, topology correction, segmentation of the sub-cortical white matter and deep grey matter volumetric structures and cortical hemisphere construction [57]. Next, each hemisphere is parcellated into a set of brain regions using a particular atlas (e.g., Desikan-Killiany Atlas). First, the average value of a particular cortical attribute is computed for each ROI. The absolute difference between the average cortical attributes of a pair of brain regions is then computed which denotes the weighted edge linking two ROIs. 
-  ==Functional== brain graphs. Conventionally, a functional graph is constructed from functional MRI (fMRI), more specifically from the blood-oxygenlevel-dependent (BOLD) signal which shows the changes in blood oxygenation over time linked to neural activity [11] in a particular region in the brain. First, the reported signal is averaged within each brain ROI. Next, a measure of correlation such as Pearson’s correlation coefficient is computed between pairwise regions which results in the functional connectivity depicting the communication between pairs of brain regions. In functional brain graphs, nodes do not have features and edges are generally undirected and weighted. 
- ==Structural== brain graphs. A structural graph consists of a graph derived from diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) or diffusion spectrum imaging (DSI) [2], [8], [10]. Such neuroimaging data measure the diffusion of water molecules to generate contrast in MRI which allows for distinguishing gray matter from underlying white matter. There are several variants in generating structural connectomes among which we find computing the number of fibers connecting different brain regions and taking their absolute difference as a weight for structural connectivity. [58].
(Bessadok15)

