### future directions
- few attempts have been made to characterize how the connectome’s ==community structure== (Fortunato, 2010; Newman, 2012; Porter et al., 2009), a hallmark of complex networks, evolves across the lifespan.
- Moreover, our ensemble multi-layer network approach may be useful for ==future statistically robust investigations of network topology== across large imaging or biomedical datasets
- the goal would be assessing the ==impact of specific pathologies== on developmental or aging processes and helping to identify targeted interventions. 
- further studies might also attempt to ==correlate connectional features with behavioral features== and normalize interindividual variations in cognition relative to the actual developmental status


### where does the network alignment come into play?

### 1) representing inter-layer connections
- The temporal resolution parameter, ω, corresponds to the strength of the ==edges linking a node to itself across layers==. Formally, these links can be placed:
	- in an all-to-all configuration (nodes are connected to their counterparts across all layers of the network) 
	- in a temporal configuration (nodes are connected only across consecutive layers of the network). 
- We adopted the second way of representing inter-layer connections, conceptualizing the multilayer network as a ==temporal network== (Holme, 2015; Holme and Saramaki, 2012). 

### 2) measure of distance between two partitions
- First, we derived the ==Variation of Information== (VI) matrix. This is a measure of distance between two partitions(Meila,2007), closely related to the mutual information and entropy of the communities. 
- Each entry rs of the VI matrix corresponds to the VI value computed between the partitions at layers r and s. 
- We compute the VI matrix for each combination of the resolution parameters in order to identify interesting community structures and exclude non-interesting ones for the aim of our study. 
- In fact, even if multiple partitions of the connectome at different temporal scales are plausible, we focus on those that show a reasonable variation over the lifespan. 